<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="calculatingtime">
  <title>Calculating time</title>

  <shortdesc>This topic describes how to use the <term>World Time
  Pro</term> to add, subtract, multiply and divide units of time.</shortdesc>

  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Heather Wymer</author>

    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2008"/>

      <copyrholder>M-Azlan Software</copyrholder>
    </copyright>

    <critdates>
      <created date="4 Oct 2008"/>
    </critdates>

    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>add</keyword>

        <keyword>subtract</keyword>

        <keyword>multiply</keyword>

        <keyword>divide</keyword>

        <keyword>hours</keyword>

        <keyword>minutes</keyword>

        <keyword>seconds</keyword>

        <keyword>main calculation pane</keyword>
      </keywords>

      <prodinfo>
        <prodname>World Time Pro</prodname>

        <vrmlist>
          <vrm version="2 trial"/>
        </vrmlist>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>

  <taskbody>
    <context>This procedure explains how to use the <term>World Time
    Pro</term> to perform simple calculations on units of time. For example,
    you may be managing a two-day sporting event, and need to add two times
    together to find a competitor's total time. Using the <term>World Time Pro</term> ensures you can quickly and accurately calculate the
    competitor's total time.<note type="note">If you need to use the result of
    a calculation in another calculation, click <uicontrol>Pass
    Value</uicontrol>. This button copies the values in the <uicontrol>result
    fields</uicontrol> to the upper row of entry fields.</note></context>

    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>In the <wintitle>main calculation pane</wintitle>, type the first
        time in your equation in the upper row of entry fields.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Click the appropriate <uicontrol>operation
        button</uicontrol>.</cmd>

        <stepresult>If you click muliply or divide, the lower row of entry
        fields are replaced with the <uicontrol>Constant
        </uicontrol>field.</stepresult>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Type the time to add or subtract, or the number to multiply or
        divide by, into the lower row of entry fields.</cmd>

        <info><note type="attention">You must click an <uicontrol>operation
        button</uicontrol> before typing numbers in the lower row of entry
        fields. Clicking an <uicontrol>operation button</uicontrol> deletes
        all values in the lower row of entry fields. </note></info>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Equals</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>

    <result>The result of your calculation appears in the <uicontrol>result
    fields</uicontrol>.</result>

    <example>For example, to add 3 hours 30 min 43 sec and 4 hours 38 min 13
    sec, type <userinput>3 30 43</userinput> in the upper row of entry fields,
    click <uicontrol>Plus</uicontrol>, type <userinput>4 38 13</userinput> in
    the lower row of entry fields and click <uicontrol>Equals</uicontrol>. The
    result of <systemoutput>8 hours 8 min 56 sec</systemoutput> appears in the
    <uicontrol>result fields</uicontrol>.</example>
  </taskbody>
</task>
